let's discuss what we're doing with
Peterson Academy we thought what if we
could make getting a degree 95 percent
less expensive because that's a pretty
funny Target it's like we're going to
undercut You by 95 percent and offer a
better quality experience along the way
why wouldn't it be good to provide
everybody at least in principle with
access to the best lectures you know you
might think why should you be generally
educating because otherwise you're going
to be a useless resentful bitter
pointless counterproductive lump and
that's not a good strategy so that's why
you think you think so that your stupid
thoughts can die instead of you if you
get to the upper echelons of any
hierarchy you'll start encountering
people who know a lot about almost
everything and so if you're stupid and
you don't know anything about anything
they're just going to look at you and
listen to you for like two seconds and
think well I don't know where this clunk
came from but you know he's not come
along for the ride you need to be
enculturated so that you can play with
sophisticated people and you could play
as sophisticated and productive game but
also so that you've informed yourself
with the greatest ideas of History so
that whatever problem you're tackling
you're going to have tools to pack
chocolate with once we get it well
developed you'll be able to take all
these courses and then you know you
won't be a complete embarrassment to
yourself I didn't enjoy my University
experience the professor wasn't
interesting I was like I'm pretty sure
what they just said wasn't true I got a
psychology Professor tell me rats
weren't social creatures because they
lived in cages literally that happened
it's like what not traveling 40 minutes
to go to this class and I think it's
cruel that people are told they have to
go to university they have to spend 100
to 200 000 to get a degree so they can
get a job otherwise they're screwed it's
just a scam but it bothers me that
people are being scammed to learn to not
believe in themselves assume that they
can't fix their problems and then hate
their country basically it would be
funny if we could blow apart the
university system a little bit because
it's broken because of what it did to
you like you were alienated out of your
job basically you'll be damn fortunate
if we can provide you with a list of
people who've graduated and if you had
any sense you'll employ them
preferentially because we did the
rigorous screening work and I know how
to do regular screen work because I
studied that for like 25 years a degree
from our University will signify
high-level conscientiousness and general
cognitive ability and those are very
valuable for any employer with a clue so
I think we can just skip the application
process and go right to the employers we
are planning a soft launch in November
and we might be able to change the
education system that's funny it's weird
up yours woke more or less we'll see who
cancels who exactly that sort of funny
that kind of funny oh yeah
[Music]
thank you